README.md, before:

# qibotf

![Tests](https://github.com/Quantum-TII/qibotf/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Quantum-TII/qibotf/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=0MRXUA7SZ0)](https://codecov.io/gh/Quantum-TII/qibotf)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/241307936.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/241307936)

This package provides acceleration features for [Qibo](https://github.com/Quantum-TII/qibo) using [TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow) custom operators.

## Documentation

The qibotf backend documentation is available at [qibo.readthedocs.io](https://qibo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installation.html).

## Support and requirements

Here a compatibility matrix for the qibotf versions:

| qibotf | tensorflow | OS Hardware                |
|--------|------------|----------------------------|
| 0.0.2  | 2.5.0      | linux (cpu/gpu), mac (cpu) |
| 0.0.1  | 2.4.1      | linux (cpu/gpu), mac (cpu) |

## Citation policy

If you use the package please cite the following references:
- https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.01845
- https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3997194

Commit message:

allowing compilation from source for different tf versions

README.md, after:

# qibotf

![Tests](https://github.com/Quantum-TII/qibotf/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Quantum-TII/qibotf/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=0MRXUA7SZ0)](https://codecov.io/gh/Quantum-TII/qibotf)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/241307936.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/241307936)

This package provides acceleration features for [Qibo](https://github.com/Quantum-TII/qibo) using [TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow) custom operators.

## Documentation

The qibotf backend documentation is available at [qibo.readthedocs.io](https://qibo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installation.html).

## Support and requirements

Here a compatibility matrix for the qibotf versions:

| qibotf | tensorflow                       | OS Hardware                |
|--------|----------------------------------|----------------------------|
| 0.0.2  | 2.5.0 for pip (>=2.2 for source) | linux (cpu/gpu), mac (cpu) |
| 0.0.1  | 2.4.1 for pip (>=2.2 for source) | linux (cpu/gpu), mac (cpu) |

## Citation policy

If you use the package please cite the following references:
- https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.01845
- https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3997194
